welcome to the composer's corner there's
about 20 people in town who think I
wrote the song falling for them oops
the song changed my life
when you're not fidgeting and you look
very beautiful it's very tall she's
always been a little bit different
though she was never made to think of
herself that way while growing up her
dad Saul supported her intense love for
animals in fact his own devotion to them
led from training German Shepherds for
the army to owning the largest pet store
in the United States which she ran for
most of his life her mom ed supported
the wackiness and creativity of her only
daughter Eileen Lynn Rappaport and would
bribe Eileen to practice piano using
Eileen's desire to purchase pop records
as leverage Eileen nicknamed chunky as a
child and later known as Lauren would
hated music lessons as much as the next
kid but her affinity for Gershwin Rogers
Motown and the Beatles kept her attic it
helped that her cousin from Los Angeles
Eileen no vog known as no be also played
a musical instrument the viola and from
the very first days as children together
the two of them conspired to create
their own music not surprisingly their
first song twerps theme was an
instrumental about an unfortunate bird
they tried to rescue recorded on a
friend's reel-to-reel other songs soon
followed deciding in high school to form
a band chunky and her best friend Kiki
along with fellow musician Mickey kapner
stole the bass player Ernie eremita from
another band in town Rebecca and the
Sunnybrook farmers was born and they
began performing in the Pittsburgh
region soon opening for major acts at
the largest venues in the tri-state
region
my
that's Rebecca mr. Robertson Pittsburgh
a record deal with music or records in
New York soon followed with the release
of only one album birth feeling they'd
reached their peak on the East Coast the
band decided to relocate to Los Angeles
camping out no veas parents house in
practicing daily they soon caught the
attention of a newly signed staff
producer at Warner Brothers by the name
of Ted Templeman who himself had been in
the group Harper's Bazaar simultaneously
they caught the eye of Frank Zappa the
band's hero and friend and soon the
group found themselves in the middle of
a bidding war between Warner Brothers
Records and Zappa's label bizarre
records Warner's one out originally
signing the band is Rebecca and the
Sunnybrook farmers but by this point the
members had dwindled down to just chunky
novi and Ernie so that became their new
name becoming the band's mentor Ted
co-produced two albums on the group
encouraging them each time to stretch
out and get as crazy as they wanted to
the first two albums met with marginal
success with a song on the second album
didn't want to hurt you for another guy
being the one to get the most airplay
but three years would pass before the
next album during which time chunky
songs were being discovered by other
artists and novi was becoming more in
demand both as a session 'used and as a
member of Zappa's band the mothers of
invention encouraged by the financial
rewards of songwriting chunky found
herself transitioning from writing for
the more specific nature of chunky
novian Ernie music to writing more
accessible songs in general and she also
found herself transitioning to a new
name and identity as well the record
that originally started out as chunky
novi and Ernie number three ended up
evolving into lauren wood in listing all
the a players in town her new producer
Michael James Jackson co-produced a song
with Ted templeman that fared Lauren's
voice with Michael McDonald's in a song
called please don't
miss Lauren would
you